feat: add uffizzi usage docs (#501)
goharbor/website: docs/build-customize-contribute/using-uffizzi.md

---
title: Using Uffizzi ephemeral environments
---

> When a pull request is opened against the (harbor github repo)[https://github.com/goharbor/harbor], a github action workflow will trigger the creation of a [Uffizzi](https://www.uffizzi.com) ephemeral environment. This environment is a Kubernetes cluster where harbor will be deployed built from the changes in the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a pull request is opened against the [main goharbor/harbor GitHub repository](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor), a GitHub action workflow will trigger the creation of a [Uffizzi](https://www.uffizzi.com) ephemeral environment. This environment is a Kubernetes cluster where Harbor will be built and deployed from the changes in the pull request.
```
